Predefined sentences: timer wording (#36387)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/voice_control/builtin_sentences.markdown

- *set a timer for 5 minutes*
- *5 minute timer*
- *set a 20 minute timer for pizza*
- *set a timer for 1 hour and 3 minutes*

>   - Don't say *set a timer for 63 minutes*. Break it up into hours, minutes, and seconds (if needed)

Reviewer: Maybe we should say "prefer" vs "don't say"

>   - Don't say *set a timer for 63 minutes*. Break it up into hours, minutes, and seconds (if needed)

Author: ```suggestion
  - Break it up into hours, minutes, and seconds instead of using a technical term like *set a timer for 63 minutes*. 
```
something like this?
